okay everyone it is good to see you
today a Guido me debido and Dido we need
to get ready for our Christmas a concert
I will have each one of you play
individually to see if you know the
instrument
establish top stop dido there is no easy
way to put it
pata was not the good next
estoppel stop-stop amido do you know how
to keep the betta well let's keep
a-movin next
stop stop stop
beedo that does ended worse than the
Dido you and need a lot of practice of
before our concert next
Guido maybe you're a piano playing can
help us out
stop stop stop stop
Guido I that Y's are not very good in
better we may never be ready for the
concert in that time is there anybody
out there who can help us excuse a Mia
but maybe I can be a very helpful do you
know how to play
ooh maybe we will a be it a dia click on
the screen to see if Uncle Tom Polly
noseband got ready in time for the
Christmas concert
thanks for watching toysreviewtoys don't
forget to subscribe and click on a
picture for another fun video